no x : there are 30 candies in kathy's candy collection . if the candies are organized into 10 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 200 tickets in lois's ticket collection . if the tickets are organized into 40 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 3094 oranges in george's orange collection . if the oranges are organized into 34 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 3763 bottle caps in peter's bottle cap collection . if the bottle caps are organized into 71 groups , how big is each group ? no x : lemon heads come in packages of 6 . louis ate 54 lemon heads . how many whole boxes did he eat and how many lemon heads does he have left ? no x : there are 21 eggs in rachel's egg collection . rachel also has 4 cards . if the eggs are organized into 3 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 4 peanuts in brenda's peanut collection . brenda also has 15 candies . if the peanuts are organized into 2 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 9 pencils in jacqueline's pencil collection . jacqueline also has 11 candies . if the pencils are organized into 9 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 56 marbles in phillip's marble collection . phillip also has 14 tickets . if the marbles are organized into 7 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 350 stickers in amy's sticker collection . amy also has 5 pencils . if the stickers are organized into 70 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 250 tickets in jeremy's ticket collection . jeremy also has 19 skittles . if the tickets are organized into 50 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 120 peanuts in brandon's peanut collection . brandon also has 17 marbles . if the peanuts are organized into 40 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 3774 skittles in andrea's skittle collection . andrea also has 10 marbles . if the skittles are organized into 74 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 2989 tickets in harold's ticket collection . harold also has 14 stickers . if the tickets are organized into 61 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 3956 oranges in lois's orange collection . lois also has 15 candies . if the oranges are organized into 92 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 276 tickets in ronald's ticket collection . ronald also has 7 blocks . if the tickets are organized into 69 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 776 candies in bruce's candy collection . bruce also has 10 erasers . if the candies are organized into 97 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 738 crayons in kathy's crayon collection . kathy also has 8 erasers . if the crayons are organized into 82 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 399 candies in brandon's candy collection . brandon also has 17 marbles . if the candies are organized into 57 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 312 oranges in lois's orange collection . lois also has 15 eggs . if the oranges are organized into 12 groups , how big is each group ? no x : there are 276 tickets in ronald's ticket collection . ronald also has 7 blocks . if the tickets are organized into 69 groups , how big is each group ? no x : martin strolled to lawrence's house . it is 12 miles from martin's house to lawrence's house . it took martin 6 hours to get there . how fast did martin go ? no x : jose strolled to jane's house . it is 24 miles from jose's house to jane's house . it took jose 12 hours to get there . how fast did jose go ? no x : roger walked to teresa's house . it is 16 miles from roger's house to teresa's house . it took roger 4 hours to get there . how fast did roger go ? no x : brandon sprinted to harry's house . it is 27 miles from brandon's house to harry's house . it took brandon 3 hours to get there . how fast did brandon go ? no x : margaret sailed to antonio's house . it is 24 miles from margaret's house to antonio's house . it took margaret 3 hours to get there . how fast did margaret go ? no x : eugene walked to ruby's house . it is 6 kilometers from eugene's house to ruby's house . it took eugene 2 hours to get there . how fast did eugene walk ? no x : eugene walked to ruby's house . it is 6 kilometers from eugene's house to ruby's house . it took eugene 2 hours to get there . how fast did eugene walk ? no x : sara sailed to debra's house . it is 24 kilometers from sara's house to debra's house . it took sara 2 hours to get there . how fast did sara sail ? no x : evelyn rode to kathleen's house . it is 36 kilometers from evelyn's house to kathleen's house . it took evelyn 6 hours to get there . how fast did evelyn ride ? no x : eric jogged to bobby's house . it is 32 kilometers from eric's house to bobby's house . it took eric 4 hours to get there . how fast did eric jog ? no x : evelyn rode to kathleen's house . it is 36 kilometers from evelyn's house to kathleen's house . it took evelyn 6 hours to get there . how fast did evelyn ride ? no x : willie walked to andrea's house . it is 20 kilometers from willie's house to andrea's house . it took willie 5 hours to get there . how fast did willie walk ? No answers :  2 beavers were working on their home . 1 went for a swim . how many beavers are still working on their home ? 
['2', 'x']
1.0

not enough numbers :  sandy had twenty-six (26) pet fish . she bought 6 (6) more fish . how many pet fish does sandy have now ? 